---
layout: default
---

# Quizzinator9000 Project Overview

Welcome to the Quizzinator9000 project page

## Vision statement

<!-- Vision statement draft -->
<!-- Currently, questions are to be generated by developers. Possible future versions of the app may have the ability to include a different user level (instructor) with the ability to open a course, create questions relevant to that subject and grant access to specific students. -->

# Vision Statement

<!--## Summary sentence-->

The Quizzinator9000 is a means for anyone to test and reinforce their knowledge of included topics at any time and in any place.

<!-- ## Project Description -->
Our application is a self-contained quiz/study tool that enables students to deepen and confirm their knowledge of a given topic through quizzes of course topics.
<!--removed "generated from an on-board question bank"-->

<!-- ## Target Audience -->
This app is designed to be used by students to confirm their learning of available course topics in the app. The app has questions relevant to the chosen subject material in a question bank used to generate a quiz from randomly selected questions. The students can then take quizzes any time they are available to study and get their quiz results instantly. <!--Students can access all quizzes through access controls included in the app.-->

Students will be able to review their quiz result history and select quizzes from different topics within a given course. They will also be able to take quizzes multiple times to continually improve and test their knowledge. Every time they take a quiz, it will look slightly different from their previous quizzes so that the learner will always be challenged.

Course material will be divided into sections, so students can take quizzes on specific sections of course material or take a quiz on the whole course. <!--Future iterations could expand to include different question types and more comprehensive aggregate data for scores on a given question, section or topic.-->

<!-- ## Value of Project -->
Our project will improve on current education and study tools by letting students review subject material through quizzes any time instead of having an instructor create and grade the quizzes themselves. <!--Further, our system will ideally extend to include a persistent database of questions that can improve and expand over time.-->

<!-- ## Success Criteria -->
The project will be considered successful if at least 80% of users polled by survey report they prefer this app over other forms of _any-time practice testing_, and 80% also claim to have improved their comfort level with their given subject matter. Also, if less than 10% of users report functionality issues when using the app.

[Vision](https://code.cs.umanitoba.ca/comp3350-winter2023/a01-g02-quizzinator9000/-/blob/main/README.md)

## Intended Users

The Quizzinator9000 is intended to be used by anyone looking to broaden their knowledge on the subjects available in the app. The app is completely self contained and doesn't require outside resourses. That way, users of the Quizzinator9000 can take quizzes any time and in any place regardless of connectivity.

## Functionality

The Quizzinator9000 has three main areas of functionality: 

* Selecting a Quiz
* Taking the Quiz
* Reviewing your Quiz result history

### Selecting a Quiz

### Taking a Quiz

### Reviewing your Results

## Retrospective



## Contributors/team members, including a description of any specific special development skills that each team member gained.

Troy Thomas\

Luc Miron\
Gabriel Zacci Coloma\
Heping Dong\
Rizaldi Wijaya\
